Is it spicy?
Be careful not to be rude.
Why does this gentleman stop crying?
Mr. Luo? Mr. Luo?
My granddaughter is ignorant.
I took him to apologize to you.
Prepare five hundred thousand,
A little more later.
Offer it everywhere. I just don’t know where to send it?
I just came across a place where I haven't lived yet.
Mr. Luo, there is no place to live. Not as good as,
Temporarily live in our Lin family.
Let a building drive us out of our house
Do you dare to try something different?
If you want to say that, I will agree.
What's the old man's illness?
You still need to save for another month before you can choose
During this period, I stayed at Lingjiada.
Well, it's good that we're here. I brought face.
Take off your friends and participate in your success
You must give me a good impression
Let me save people.
So I'm going to work here.